Hello guys will come back in order for us to build a food application with many features we need to
teach and know jazz on how to learn a specific skill.
For example if we want to teach and know G-S on how to create a new R L No we need to start express
framework if we want to teach and non-jazz on how to read.
Jason data that we need to teach.
No just body parts are the most skills we teach.
No yes.
The more intelligent it becomes.
In this video we will install all the dependencies that no just need right now.
So what are you waiting for.
The shell and installed all the important dependencies so glitches.
And right click and click Open power shall we do here.
So the first thing we want to do is we want to create a folder but before that we need to store one
specific library and we need to solve.
Norton Norton is a utility that will monitor for any changes in your code.
The install note when we run NPM install Norton dash G.
So we install bash
dash stands for Global so that every no jazz project can use it.
Done.
So you want to clear everything.
So we already install anointment.
Next thing we want to do is we want to create a new folder and give it a name.
Amazonas.
This will be our project folder.
You can create it on desktop or whichever directory you are comfortable with CD into this folder see
Amazon know and create a folder and give it a name server.
So make directory server for no guesswork work specifically in service folder so CD into the server
and we won't install all the core dependencies for no G-S.
Before that we need to type in NPM.
We want to initialize the package.
Jay Sean.
So I mean ridging one.
I don't know that now is the answer.
Yes
yes everything's stalled.
So now we want to install all the port and dependencies which will reinstall
somebody parser and see instead of using dash G.
We want to use dash dash save to save all the dependencies only for a specific project which is Surve
folder.
So we have installed every important dependency for the time being.
So in this video we learn how to create folders install all the important events in the next review.
Will we will learn how to use the dependencies and what each dependency does specifically.